An improved version of the MultiTanks plugin originally created by Red Alex.

-ChangeLog-
v1.5
-Remake Code
-Replace Left 4 Downtown 2 extension with Lef4dhooks extension

v1.4
-original Post: https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?p=2567007

-ConVar-
cfg\sourcemod\multitanks.cfg
// Enable/Disable Announcements
multitanks_announce "1"

// Total Count Of Tanks In First Wave Finales
multitanks_count_coop_1stwave "1"

// Total Count Of Tanks In Second Wave Finales
multitanks_count_coop_2ndwave "1"

// Total Count Of Tanks In Finale Escapes
multitanks_count_coop_escape "1"

// Total Count Of Tanks In Finale Maps
multitanks_count_coop_finale "1"

// Total Count Of Tanks In Regular Maps
multitanks_count_coop_regular "1"

// Total Count Of Tanks (Scavenge)
multitanks_count_scavenge "2"

// Total Count Of Tanks (Survival)
multitanks_count_survival "2"

// Total Count Of Tanks In First Wave Finales (Versus)
multitanks_count_versus_1stwave "2"

// Total Count Of Tanks In Second Wave Finales (Versus)
multitanks_count_versus_2ndwave "2"

// Total Count Of Tanks In Finale Escapes (Versus)
multitanks_count_versus_escape "2"

// Total Count Of Tanks In Finale Maps (Versus)
multitanks_count_versus_finale "2"

// Total Count Of Tanks In Regular Maps (Versus)
multitanks_count_versus_regular "2"

// Enable/Disable HUD Display
multitanks_display "0"

// Health Of Tanks In First Wave Finales
multitanks_health_coop_1stwave "25000"

// Health Of Tanks In Second Wave Finales
multitanks_health_coop_2ndwave "27500"

// Health Of Tanks In Finale Escapes
multitanks_health_coop_escape "22500"

// Health Of Tanks In Finale Maps
multitanks_health_coop_finale "20000"

// Health Of Tanks In Regular Maps
multitanks_health_coop_regular "17500"

// Health Of Tanks (Scavenge)
multitanks_health_scavenge "17500"

// Health Of Tanks (Survival)
multitanks_health_survival "17500"

// Health Of Tanks In First Wave Finales (Versus)
multitanks_health_versus_1stwave "22500"

// Health Of Tanks In Second Wave Finales (Versus)
multitanks_health_versus_2ndwave "25000"

// Health Of Tanks In Finale Escapes (Versus)
multitanks_health_versus_escape "20000"

// Health Of Tanks In Finale Maps (Versus)
multitanks_health_versus_finale "17500"

// Health Of Tanks In Regular Maps (Versus)
multitanks_health_versus_regular "15000"

// Enable/Disable Plugin
multitanks_on "1"

// Enable/Disable Same Spawn Of Tanks In Finale Escapes
multitanks_same_spawn_escape "0"

// Enable/Disable Same Spawn Of Tanks In Finale Maps
multitanks_same_spawn_finale "0"

// Enable/Disable Same Spawn Of Tanks In Regular Maps
multitanks_same_spawn_regular "0"

// Delay Of Spawning Tanks In Finale Escapes
multitanks_spawn_delay_escape "2.5"

// Delay Of Spawning Tanks
multitanks_spawn_delay_regular "5.0"
